So if you're ever deciding if you should use a for loop or a for loop.
Just remember if you don't need to keep track of values or anything like that for a loop is a great
way to go it's a lot simpler for just simple looping through collections like arrays.
Now obviously if you want to have more fine grained control over the loop you might need a traditional
for a loop but in general for a simple iteration the for loop is the way to go.
Now what's happening behind the scenes is whenever I pass in this collection right here the for loop
invokes symbol dot iterator as a function.
Now remember what I said appear is that symbol dot iterator is going to return an iterator for this
particular object right here.
So then the for loop takes the iterator the object that's returned and it calls the dot next method
on that iterator whenever it does.
As we know it returns a result object with two properties value in done.
It takes the value property of that result object and stores it in this variable temporarily and then
it does the whole thing over again.
It calls dot next again.
Stores the result value.
OK.
And then it does that again and again until the done property of the results object is true whenever
it returns a result object where the done property is set to true the loop exits.
And so the variable name is never set equal to undefined.
So I can prove this to you because what we can do is we can actually access these defaults or these
built in iterators on these iterable.
So we'll make a new variable and we'll just call it something like drinks and we'll do like coffee because
coffee is good.
I mean if you like coffee I guess and then milk and then tea and then I can prove that I can actually
access these built in iterators and this is exactly what's happening.
OK.
So what you might do is do iterator right here and then we'll do drinks.
Now I need to access symbol da iterator.
So in order to do that I need to use brackets syntax or do symbol dot iterator.
And if I just leave it like this.
Like I said before symbol dot iterator is a function or a method really.
So in this case it's going to be returning a reference to that function.
Instead I want to get what the function returns.
So I need to actually invoke the function so it will return an iterator.
The default iterator of this iterable in this case.
And so now that I have that if I cancelled log I show you the log iterator dot next you'll see that
this is actually the iterator of this particular collection right here and it's returning value coffee
and done is false.
And we can do this over and over again since we can access the symbol da iterator the builtin iterators
of a given collection.
We can actually check if something is an iterable.
So the way we might do that is to make a function called is it to rubble like so might take an object
that would be J.
And then inside of here we'll have it return true or false if return type of O B J.
And then we access the builtin or supposed to be builtin iterator proper or a method right here and
see if the type of this is equal to a function.
Now if it is an iterable this will be available inside of it and it will be a function.
So by checking this we can see a lot of things so we can you cancel the log and then iterable and I
might pass and just a good old fashioned array.
Save that and you can see it equals true.
Do the same thing copy this a few times check if it's new map.
So we'll see if maps are iterable as well.
If it'll let me know map true again and then after that we'll see if we can get let's say a new set
I'm trying to get the parentheses right.
So do new set like so you can see that equals true as well.
And then if we do new we can map like so that's going to be false.
And then if we also do new week set that's going to be false as well.
And last but not least objects are also not iterable So if I did like D and I took this and I passed
an Object object by default are not iterable.
Let me go ahead and show you that it's just going to throw an error because I didn't get the print.
You'll see that's also false.